Wait a minute.
Apologies for being late
Yo who is this?
Let's clear the township
When did you get such a beautiful woman?
This temperament simply crushes the audience
That was amazing.
Yeah, yeah.
This is just like the model on TV
Model Ange
I grew up so big
Have you never seen such a beautiful woman?
How beautiful is this girl like a fairy?
This demeanor, this face, this figure
No, I don't know. Compare
Helmet Min is like a dowry girl hahahaha
Where did the fox come from?
Dare to spoil my good deeds
This lady is the scene of the ambassador competition
If you are not a player, you will enter the field without authorization
So unruly
How about Tao Huimin?
I'm so beautiful that you can't recognize me?
Is Jiang Lili the one with more than 300 grams?
Who are you?
You are really Jiang Lili
Marry and fall in love, I said I won't do what I say
Impossible, he is not Jiang Lili
He used to be fat and earthy
It's only been a month.
How could it be like this?
Just because you can't doesn't mean I can't
Remember what I told you?
I can lose weight.
But ah!
You can only be ugly for life
You Tao Huimei
What do you want?
Ming An, don't trust him
He must have smashed you together
He just doesn't want me to win the championship
You win the championship
Wow, this is the championship.
Wow, it's beautiful.
Champion champion who is the champion
High sword
What do the judges and teachers mean?
Well, it's not good for anyone to give birth this year
It's shady
Okay, Miss Jiang Linlin finally scored 98 points
So let's congratulate Miss Jiang Linlin
Won the honorable title of Image Ambassador